data-pipelineing example added (#17)
triton-inference-server/tutorials: Feature_Guide/Data_Pipelines/README.md

There are two moving parts in the client code that need to be understood. First, let's look at seting the input and output.
```
# Input
input_tensors = [
    httpclient.InferInput("ensemble_input_string", text_obj.shape,np_to_triton_dtype(text_obj.dtype)),
    httpclient.InferInput("ensemble_input_UINT8_array", uint8_array.shape, datatype="UINT8"),
    httpclient.InferInput("ensemble_input_INT8_array", int8_array.shape, datatype="INT8"),
    httpclient.InferInput("ensemble_input_FP32_image", image.shape, datatype="FP32"),
    httpclient.InferInput("ensemble_input_bool", boolean.shape, datatype="BOOL")
]
input_tensors[0].set_data_from_numpy(text_obj)
input_tensors[1].set_data_from_numpy(uint8_array)
input_tensors[2].set_data_from_numpy(int8_array)
input_tensors[3].set_data_from_numpy(image)
input_tensors[4].set_data_from_numpy(boolean)

# Output
output = [
    httpclient.InferRequestedOutput("ensemble_output_string"),
    httpclient.InferRequestedOutput("ensemble_output_UINT8_array"),
    httpclient.InferRequestedOutput("ensemble_output_INT8_array"),
    httpclient.InferRequestedOutput("ensemble_output_FP32_image"),
    httpclient.InferRequestedOutput("ensemble_output_bool")
]

```

> In this case we are using the `http` client, and specifying the names of the input and outputs along with the expected datatype. Notice that in this case we are using the ensemble inputs/outputs, for instance `ensemble_input_string` for the string input to the ensemble. If you want to just query a singluar model, you can switch these for the layers for the model and fire the query to the specific model in the `client.infer(...)` function. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case we are using the `http` client, and specifying the names of the inputs and outputs along with the expected datatype. Notice that in this case we are using the ensemble inputs/outputs, for instance `ensemble_input_string` for the string input to the ensemble. If you want to query one of the composing models individually, you can change the input names, output names, and model name to match the desired model.
```

```
# Creating a client for the server
client = httpclient.InferenceServerClient(url="localhost:8000")

# Querying the Server
query_response = client.infer(model_name="ensemble_model",
                                inputs=input_tensors,
                                outputs=output)

print(query_response.as_numpy("ensemble_output_string"))
print(query_response.as_numpy("ensemble_output_UINT8_array"))
print(query_response.as_numpy("ensemble_output_INT8_array"))
print(query_response.as_numpy("ensemble_output_FP32_image"))
print(query_response.as_numpy("ensemble_output_bool"))
```

> The second part to look at is the general client API. This is the same as any Triton Client, simply use the python client API to query the server.

Reviewer: This line doesn't seem like its telling me anything. Can you re-word or elaborate on it?

## Using the example

To run this example, open two terminals.
```
# Server

cd /path/to/this/folder
# Replace yy.mm with year and month of release. Eg. 23.02
docker run --gpus=all -it --shm-size=256m --rm -p8000:8000 -p8001:8001 -p8002:8002 -v ${PWD}:/workspace/ -v ${PWD}/model_repository:/models nvcr.io/nvidia/tritonserver:yy.mm-py3 bash
tritonserver --model-repository=/models

# Client

cd /path/to/this/folder
# Replace yy.mm with year and month of release. Eg. 23.02
docker run -it --net=host -v ${PWD}:/workspace/ nvcr.io/nvidia/tritonserver:yy.mm-py3-sdk bash
pip install image
python3 client.py
```

> Does your ensemble have a conditional flow? Checkout [this example](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/tutorials/tree/main/Conceptual_Guide/Part_6-building_complex_pipelines) for Business Logic Scripting API!

Reviewer: add hyperlink to BLS API

* The API used to move data between the client and server
* How to be proficient with the ensemble scheduler

**Note:** This example assumes that the reader has a basic understanding of how to use Triton Inference Server. If you are new to Triton Inference Server, refer to [Part 1 of the conceptual guide](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/tutorials/tree/main/Conceptual_Guide/Part_1-model_deployment) before proceeding.

## Overview of a dummy pipeline

The type of data you want to move depends on the type of pipeline you are building. Therefore there isn't a clean real-world example that can be used to cater to a wide audience. Therefore, this tutorial will simply demonstrate how to move a String, UINT8 & INT8 arrays, an FP32 image, and a Boolean through a dummy pipeline.

<p align="center" width="100%">
    <img src="./img/Flow.PNG" width="75%">
</p>

### Setting the Models & Ensemble

> Before we go any further, let us set up the models. For the purposes of this demonstration, we are making use of a ["Python Model"](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/python_backend#python-backend). Python models in Triton are basically classes with three Triton-specific functions: `initialize`, `execute` and `finalize`. Users can customize this class to serve any python function they write or any model they want as long as it can be loaded in python runtime. The `initialize` function runs when the python model is loaded into memory, and the `finalize` function gets executed when the model is unloaded from memory. Both of these functions are optional to define. Again, to keep things simple for this example, we will just use the `execute` function to print the tensors they received by the "python model". Let's take a look at how it is done:

Reviewer: Don't confuse users with `execute` function and "executing" finalize function.

> ... and the `finalize` function gets **called** when the model is unloaded from memory.

print(query_response.as_numpy("ensemble_output_bool"))
```

> The second part to look at is understanding the Triton client API.

Reviewer: The next part is just running client/server. Where are we understanding the client API? Is there an actionable step for the user here? I still don't understand this line
